Add option to wait for specific attribute to be set before printing to PDF (#87)
bitcrowd/chromic_pdf: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Option `wait_for` to wait for dynamic content using element attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added option `wait_for` to wait for DOM element attribute to be set dynamically. (@jarimatti)
```

for the fame! 🥇
